Objects in JavaScript are dynamic in nature.

Best Practice is to use For...in loop for itetrating 
over the properties of an object.

Best Practice is to use For...of loop for itetrating 
over the elements of an Array.

Every object in JavaScript has a property called constructor.
The constructor refrence the that was used to create or constructorthat object.

JavaScript has built-in constructor functions for
Object(), String(), Boolean(), Number()


Primitives are copied by their value. Objects are copied by their reference.

The for...of loop can only be used with iterables such as arrays and maps.

if('radius' in pie) console.log('yes'); //With the help of in operator you can 
verify if an object contains a specific property.

In low level languages such as C++ you need allocate memory when defineing
an object and deallocate the memory when you are done using that object. In
JacaScript we do not have to worry about this.
Memory allocation and deallocation is automatically done in JavaScript.
When we create an object in JacaScript it automatically allocates memory to 
it and when we are done using that oject the memory is deallocated automatically.
JavaScript Engine has a Garbage Collector its job is to find variables and const
that are no longer being used and deallocate memory from them that was allocated
to them earlier.

whenever you see ? in the parameter of a built-in method or function
it means that the following parameter is optional.

Anytime you have an array of values and you want to get a single value as a 
result of iterating that array think of the reduce() method.

If you are dealing with an array that contains objects with same properties 
than you can use filter() method as the filter method would handle each object
separetly one by one.

Methods are chainable.

The sort() method by default only works for numbers and strings. 
The comparison function needs to be added for it to work with objects.
sort() method returns values in an ascending order.

We can call a Function that is defined by using the Function Declaration Syntax before its defination.
We cannot call a Function that is defined by using the Function Expression Syntax before its defination.

When our JavaScript Engine executes the code it moves all the Function Declarations to the top and this
is called Hoisting.

Hoisitng is the process of moving Function Declarations to the top of the file. 
This is done automatically by the JavaScript Engine that is executeing this code.

For...of loop can be used with objects that have an iterator. The plain objectsthat are
created by using object literals do not have an iterator.

Every function in JavaScript has a special object called arguments.
It kind of looks like an array but its not am array its an oject.
The keys we have in this object are the indexes of the arguments
that we passed inside the function.
The argument object has an iterator meaning it caan be used with for...of loop.

In JacaScript if you want to have a function with varying numbers
of parameters you can use the Rest operator.

The rest and spread operator both have the ... 3 dots symbol.
The spread operator is used with arrays.
The rest operator is used in function arguments and it must be 
the last argument in the function.

We can use the logical OR operator to assign a default value to a variable 
or an argument.
let a = a || 5;

Shift + Alt + Down-Arrow //Copy the Existing Line

Alt + Up/Down-Arrow //Moving the Existing Line

Press F2 to change the name of a variable in the whole file.

Enable Multi Cursor Editing. Select what you want to edit.
Than press Control + D.